cloud-66-101/cloud66-product-consolidation.mdx, before:

---
title: Cloud 66 product consolidation
---

## Overview

Before December 2022 Cloud 66 had four separate products:

* Cloud 66 for Rails
* Cloud 66 for Node
* Maestro (versions 1 & 2)
* Prepress

All these products existed to serve a single purpose: deployment of any application to any cloud.

Since December 2022 we have consolidated all of our offerings and features into a single unified product called simply "Cloud 66". This product focuses on enabling the deployment of any application framework to any cloud.

## What does this mean for my application?

While this is a huge improvement in onboarding and usability of our products and documentation, all of the great features powering our product have stayed the same.

Existing customers will be largely unaffected by this change apart from some updates to our interfaces. New customers have a simpler and more streamlined experience when deploying applications for the first time.

## I have questions

Please [log a support query](https://app.cloud66.com/support_tickets/new) and we'll get back to you ASAP!

Commit message:

exclude sites for irrelevant pages

cloud-66-101/cloud66-product-consolidation.mdx, after:

---
title: Cloud 66 Products
---

## Overview

Cloud 66 products have gone through a few rounds of changes over the years. Our original product was a deployment tool for Ruby on Rails applications.

Over the time we added support for Node.js applications, and then added support for other application frameworks such as PHP, Python, Go, and Java and finally added support for static site generators.

These changes have been reflected in our product names and branding over the years. When you start deploying your code with Cloud 66, our system automatically detects the application framework and chooses the right deployment strategy for you.

However, it might help you to understand the history of our products and their names, so you can better understand our documentation and support articles.

### Cloud for Rails

This was our original product, launched in 2012. It was a deployment tool for Ruby on Rails applications, supporting multiple cloud providers and on-premise deployments. Today, it is the most popular deployment tool for Rails applications in the market. Cloud 66 for Rails, deploys your Rails application on VMs or bare metal servers, and manages the entire lifecycle of your application. You can ready more about Cloud 66 for Rails in our [Rails documentation](https://help.cloud66.com/rails/).

### Cloud 66 Sites

Cloud 66 Sites, is our static site deployment tool. It supports multiple static site generators including Jekyll, Hugo, Gatsby, and Next.js. It deploys your static site on a CDN, and manages the entire lifecycle of your static site. You can use Cloud 66 Sites to deploy your static sites to any cloud provider that supports an S3-compatible object storage. Previously, this product was called Cloud 66 Prepress.
You can ready more about Cloud 66 Sites in our [Sites documentation](https://help.cloud66.com/sites/).

### Cloud 66 Deploy

Cloud 66 Deploy, is our containerized application deployment tool. It supports multiple application frameworks including Node.js, PHP, Python, Go, and Java. It deploys your application on Kubernetes clusters, and manages the entire lifecycle of your application. You can use Cloud 66 Deploy to deploy Ruby on Rails applications as well, if you prefer to use containers for your Rails applications. Previously, this product was called Cloud 66 Maestro.

#### Cloud 66 Deploy v1

The original version of Cloud 66 Deploy (formerly known as CSv1), used Docker and our own orchestration engine to deploy containerized applications. It was deprecated in December 2022, and is no longer available for new customers. Existing customers can continue to use it, but we recommend migrating to Cloud 66 Deploy v2.

#### Cloud 66 Deploy v2
The current version of Cloud 66 Deploy (formerly known as CSv2), uses Docker and Kubernetes to deploy containerized applications. It supports different Kubernetes cluster configurations and database management solutions. It is the recommended way to deploy containerized applications with Cloud 66. You can ready more about Cloud 66 Deploy in our [Deploy documentation](https://help.cloud66.com/deploy/).

### Cloud 66 for Node
Cloud 66 for Node was a dedicated Node.js deployment tool, launched in 2016. It was later merged into Cloud 66 Deploy, and is no longer available as a separate product. If you are looking to deploy Node.js applications, you can use Cloud 66 Deploy.

## I have questions

Please [log a support query](https://app.cloud66.com/support_tickets/new) and we'll get back to you ASAP!
